kits/gbb/documents/about.md, before:

## About

# License

Under construction...

# Credits

## Libs

### Application Libs

* SDL - from [libsdl-org/SDL](https://github.com/libsdl-org/SDL)
* ImGui - from [ocornut/imgui](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui)
* binjgb - from [binji/binjgb](https://github.com/binji/binjgb)
* RapidJSON - from [Tencent/rapidjson](https://github.com/Tencent/rapidjson)
* LZ4 - from [lz4/lz4](https://github.com/lz4/lz4)
* zlib - from [zlib.net](https://zlib.net/)

### VM Toolchains

* GBDK-2020 - from [gbdk-2020/gbdk-2020](https://github.com/gbdk-2020/gbdk-2020)
* gbvm - from [untoxa/gbvm](https://github.com/untoxa/gbvm)
* hUGEBuild - from [untoxa/hUGEBuild](https://github.com/untoxa/hUGEBuild)
* VGM2GBSFX - from [untoxa/VGM2GBSFX](https://github.com/untoxa/VGM2GBSFX)

### Other Libs

* AudioFile - from [adamstark/AudioFile](https://github.com/adamstark/AudioFile)
* b64 - from [jwerle/b64.c](https://github.com/jwerle/b64.c)
* dirent - from [tronkko/dirent](https://github.com/tronkko/dirent)
* ImGuiCodeEditor - from [paladin-t/sdl_code_edit](https://github.com/paladin-t/sdl_code_edit)
* ImGuiSDL - from [gbbasic/imgui_sdl](https://github.com/gbbasic/imgui_sdl)
* jo_gif - by [Jon Olick](https://www.jonolick.com/home/gif-writer)
* Jpath - from [paladin-t/jpath](https://github.com/paladin-t/jpath)
* MD4C - from [mity/md4c](http://github.com/mity/md4c)
* Mongoose - from [cesanta/mongoose](https://github.com/cesanta/mongoose)
* mpc - from [orangeduck/mpc](https://github.com/orangeduck/mpc)
* portable-file-dialogs - from [samhocevar/portable-file-dialogs](https://github.com/samhocevar/portable-file-dialogs)
* promise-cpp - from [xhawk18/promise-cpp](https://github.com/xhawk18/promise-cpp)
* stb - from [nothings/stb](https://github.com/nothings/stb)

## Fonts

* SourceHanSans - by [Adobe](/kits/gbb/licenses/License_SourceHanSans.txt)
* LanaPixel - by [eishiya](/kits/gbb/licenses/License_LanaPixel.txt)

## Sounds

* Sweet Sounds SFX - by [Coffee 'Valen' Bat](/kits/gbb/licenses/License_SweetSounds_SFX.txt)
* Example song - from [untoxa/hUGEBuild](https://github.com/untoxa/hUGEBuild)

Commit message:

+Added more details to the gbb site.

kits/gbb/documents/about.md, after:

## About

# About This Software

Hi, I'm Tony Wang.

Enlightened with BASIC, I started to write computer programs when I was a young boy. Almost at the same age, I got a GameBoy Pocket as my first handheld gaming console. I was quite into these both things. I learned many other programming languages and owned quite a number of newer consoles with age. Now I'm almost living by writing game programs, and could still have a lot of fun from these two of my hobbies.

I found that the simple and straightforward nature of BASIC and GameBoy became more charming when the other modern technologies went complex and excessive. I've worked on a lot of game, gaming tool and programming language projects in office and home. So I decided to bring you GB BASIC, I hope you would enjoy.

## Why Fantasy Console?

Most of the technical specifications are referenced from real hardwares, however GB BASIC also implements a few <a href="/kits/gbb/extensions.html#kernel-extension">extension</a> features which are fictional. On the other hand, these features are totally implementable, technically it is possible that we could see these features on hardware.

# License

Under construction...

# Credits

## Libs

### Application Libs

* SDL - from [libsdl-org/SDL](https://github.com/libsdl-org/SDL)
* ImGui - from [ocornut/imgui](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui)
* binjgb - from [binji/binjgb](https://github.com/binji/binjgb)
* RapidJSON - from [Tencent/rapidjson](https://github.com/Tencent/rapidjson)
* LZ4 - from [lz4/lz4](https://github.com/lz4/lz4)
* zlib - from [zlib.net](https://zlib.net/)

### Kernel (VM) Toolchains

* GBDK-2020 - from [gbdk-2020/gbdk-2020](https://github.com/gbdk-2020/gbdk-2020)
* gbvm - from [untoxa/gbvm](https://github.com/untoxa/gbvm)
* hUGEBuild - from [untoxa/hUGEBuild](https://github.com/untoxa/hUGEBuild)
* VGM2GBSFX - from [untoxa/VGM2GBSFX](https://github.com/untoxa/VGM2GBSFX)

### Other Libs

* AudioFile - from [adamstark/AudioFile](https://github.com/adamstark/AudioFile)
* b64 - from [jwerle/b64.c](https://github.com/jwerle/b64.c)
* dirent - from [tronkko/dirent](https://github.com/tronkko/dirent)
* ImGuiCodeEditor - from [paladin-t/sdl_code_edit](https://github.com/paladin-t/sdl_code_edit)
* ImGuiSDL - from [gbbasic/imgui_sdl](https://github.com/gbbasic/imgui_sdl)
* jo_gif - by [Jon Olick](https://www.jonolick.com/home/gif-writer)
* Jpath - from [paladin-t/jpath](https://github.com/paladin-t/jpath)
* MD4C - from [mity/md4c](http://github.com/mity/md4c)
* Mongoose - from [cesanta/mongoose](https://github.com/cesanta/mongoose)
* mpc - from [orangeduck/mpc](https://github.com/orangeduck/mpc)
* portable-file-dialogs - from [samhocevar/portable-file-dialogs](https://github.com/samhocevar/portable-file-dialogs)
* promise-cpp - from [xhawk18/promise-cpp](https://github.com/xhawk18/promise-cpp)
* stb - from [nothings/stb](https://github.com/nothings/stb)

## Fonts

* SourceHanSans - by [Adobe](/kits/gbb/licenses/License_SourceHanSans.txt)
* LanaPixel - by [eishiya](/kits/gbb/licenses/License_LanaPixel.txt)

## Sounds

* Sweet Sounds SFX - by [Coffee 'Valen' Bat](/kits/gbb/licenses/License_SweetSounds_SFX.txt)
* Example song - from [untoxa/hUGEBuild](https://github.com/untoxa/hUGEBuild)
